How could it be better?
Hey, Gao envies you, don't say half of it?
Hehe mom
Are you oops?
Look at this dish, it's so beautiful.
Don't worry, old lady.
My skills are more than enough to protect Mr. Gao
He won't get hurt.
Know the frontier
It's King Chen's subordinate again
It can't be wrong.
What can't be wrong
If you talk about reaching out
Liao Fan is indeed one of the best
But if you say anything else
Hahaha, Zhanwang Chen
Let's go talk in the bedroom
Let's talk about things between parents
Mom
Come, come, come, come
Mr. Gao
Your mother is talking halfway today.
My mom likes to worry about my mind
Come come come
King Chen Zhan is coming
You sit
King Chen Zhen
You and my husband are both frontier generals
We are relatively close
There's something I've been meaning to tell you for a long time
You're not talking about proposing marriage, are you?
Oh, Chen Zhengwang, you are so smart
You see, everyone else is nice and your subordinate
My daughter is almost 30
I haven't found a good family yet
I think it's a good match. No
Why doesn't that work?
I said no, but no
Gao's mother protects Gao Xiaoyun
You can make any conditions you want.
Only this matter has nothing to talk about
Oh, dear.